Project Two 

	For my scene I just chose one of the given images for the previous section. I chose it because it seemed fairly simple to depict some of the shapes I would need to recreate it. When I started, I just tried focusing more on the main parts of the image that I felt were more important, and kind of took out some of the abstract parts of the image like tree limbs in the background to make it a bit simpler to recreate. The objects I chose seemed fairly simple; however, after doing it I realized it would take multiple shapes to recreate the trees to look more like the image. When programming my scene, I started by adding 3D shapes into my scene manager and adjusting their orientation and scale to create the objects in my scene. Some of the objects in my scene required multiple shapes to recreate the objects and the way they looked, this also helped as well when I had to add texture to the trees as well and allowed me to give depth to areas of the trees to look more realistic. This also helped to give shadow to the trees as well to look more realistic. 
	When setting up my virtual camera both keyboard and mouse can be used to navigate through the scene. The mouse can be used the pan around the screen in order to adjust the camera’s orientation. The user can glance left, right, up, or down with the mouse and speed up and slow down the camera’s movement speed with the scroll wheel. The user can also use the keyboard WASD QE keys to pan the camera position up, down, left, right, backwards and forwards. 
	 The way the functions were set up in the example in module one is how I decided to build my project around. I added some functions for the lighting and texture similar to the example in my scenemanager.h and scenemanager.cpp file that way I could easily apply the textures and lighting to my scene. I used the same functions to build the shapes, scale and orient them to recreate the scene. Some of the challenges I faced when doing so were essentially overthinking the layout of my scene. I spent a lot of time after getting my objects built constantly just moving them around after the fact to trying and get a similar look of the photo. But when I would get it looking like the photo from one view point it would look where from other angles as I navigate around my 3D scene. I eventually told myself to just recreate the scene in the image the way I think that area looks in real life so that is what I attempted to do. Since I had many objects in my scene and multiple shapes to recreate those objects, I used in line comments to kind of help me be able to know what I am working on. This was also a challenge mainly cause all the objects are either trees or bushes, so it was hard to sometimes figure out what was what even after labeling them. The bulk of the work I did from my project involved Preparing the scene then rendering the scene and implementing incremental changes until things started to look right.
